Celebrities gather tonight
Irrigation
How dare you break in
You are dead
Yan Wulong also lied about being the host
Said it was Mundy's husband
Full of lies
It is a tribute to Qingyun Longjun today
Meng Di came to persuade you to show you a way to live
And you hum
I am a dignified Qingyun Longjun
I still need him to make way for me
As for good behavior
You can ask your father
Does he dare to start this banquet today without me?
If you are Qingyun Longjun
The Golden Dragon Award for Best Actress
Just a sow
That's okay.
As long as I want
I will give the golden dragon to a pig
Amazing
You are so unscrupulous
Let's talk nonsense here
Do you know what you're talking about?
What is reckless dares to offend the Qingyun Dragon Army
Kneel down tell me to kneel down
You are not good enough
Represented by experts
But the interpretation of the top floor of the whole building
They can cut you off with a word
Do you have to make a fuss in heaven?
So what?
What is an expert?
Apologize immediately
I said he doesn't deserve it
Well, in that case
As the head of the building Guangzhou expert
Initiate a joint name Xue Zhilong in this life
The building is famous
Look at the whole summer
You are the only one who dares to interpret the challenge at the top level
Enemy with Great Xia
I grant you this courage
Come
The leg he's talking about
I'd like to see it
How hard are the bones that are enemies of Great Xia?
Stop
I'll see who dares to touch him tonight